Ha
ana
We will now assemble the slide push and the guide bush
This assembling fraud is a direction to use a
It will be assembled example it is sprinkled a little
To It is this example use 4 act is meeting 4 cool 10 issue of the genuine, such as a product
I will assemble four over mob odor
f
While expanding eating a little shin in the clogged sitting way 喰種
eh
It can be attached without damage when attached
Yes
I'm thinking too much about these in the outer
At this point you are in a floating stride bush test ride French
is not it
It is an act to embed in here
I will embed using a simple tool This is it
PVC pipe Futatsuya is the only tool jitter
The size of the inner tube is 45mm to this
The inside diameter of the pipe of Emmy is 48 mm
What do you want to do? A 9
The You're banging gold likely to subordinate shrine eating embedded in this s pride bush
It is work to say
In the state that it is in the inside of this outer ring PVC is pushed in the washer now
It is male and female and bellflower
here
For example this is is subscribed result it is
It's a slide bush. It's just in the nine-fold depression and it's in now.